README.md, before:

## About
Originally published on June 12th 2015, Miner's Haven is a revolutionary tycoon-style game where players obtain and implement machine components to create intricate rare mineral processing factories. On Roblox, Miner's Haven has been played by over 16 million unique registered users. 

[Play Miner's Haven on Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/games/258258996/Miners-Haven)

[Miner's Haven Wiki](https://minershaven.fandom.com/wiki/Welcome_To_The_Miner%27s_Haven_Wikia!)

After four years, the game file is being made available for public use in educational, recreational or commercial purposes.  

## License 

✔️ You may use materials from the source file, including source code, to create commercial projects with original intellectual property

✔️ You may create and upload mods and edits of Miner's Haven if the brand property is not used commmercially

❌ You are prohibited from using the "Miner's Haven" name and other brand property commercially. 

minershaven.rbxl is available under the terms of the Apache 2 License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details. 
 
## Creator
* Andrew Bereza
* [@berezaagames](https://twitter.com/berezaagames)
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/berezaa)
* andrew@bergames.com

Copyright (c) 2019 Andrew Bereza

Commit message:

Add luacheck and gitignore
Extract source from the xml place file. This may not be complete

Update readme.md

Update readme.md

Clean up code

Clean up code

Add ignore

Remove place

README.md, after:

## About
Originally published on June 12th 2015, Miner's Haven is a revolutionary tycoon-style game where players obtain and implement machine components to create intricate rare mineral processing factories. On Roblox, Miner's Haven has been played by over 16 million unique registered users.

[Play Miner's Haven on Roblox](https://www.roblox.com/games/258258996/Miners-Haven)

[Miner's Haven Wiki](https://minershaven.fandom.com/wiki/Welcome_To_The_Miner%27s_Haven_Wikia!)

After four years, the game file is being made available for public use in educational, recreational or commercial purposes.

## License

✔️ You may use materials from the source file, including source code, to create commercial projects with original intellectual property

✔️ You may create and upload mods and edits of Miner's Haven if the brand property is not used commmercially

❌ You are prohibited from using the "Miner's Haven" name and other brand property commercially.

minershaven.rbxl is available under the terms of the Apache 2 License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## Usage

Source files have been extracted, and are seen in src/

You can download the actual place files in places/.

## Creator
* Andrew Bereza
* [@berezaagames](https://twitter.com/berezaagames)
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/berezaa)
* andrew@bergames.com

Copyright (c) 2019 Andrew Bereza
